1. Deep Understanding of Spark Memory Management Model
https://www.tutorialdocs.com/article/spark-memory-management.html

2. (Why) do we need to call cache or persist on a RDD
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28981359/why-do-we-need-to-call-cache-or-persist-on-a-rdd

3. Set of exercises:
https://github.com/jaceklaskowski/mastering-apache-spark-book/tree/master/exercises

4. Spark Memory Management Part 1 – Push It to the Limits
https://www.pgs-soft.com/blog/spark-memory-management-part-1-push-it-to-the-limits/

5. Spark Memory Management Part 2 – Push It to the Limits
https://www.pgs-soft.com/blog/spark-memory-management-part-2-push-it-to-the-limits/

6. Big data and machine learning with Apache Spark and Cassandra Part 1 – Architecture
https://www.pgs-soft.com/blog/big-data-and-machine-learning-with-apache-spark-and-cassandra-part-1-architecture/

7. Improving Spark Performance With Partitioning
https://github.com/sjbrunst/spark-repartition/blob/master/text.md

8. Difference between “on-heap” and “off-heap”
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6091615/difference-between-on-heap-and-off-heap

9. fast-serialization - QuickStartHeapOff.wiki
https://code.google.com/archive/p/fast-serialization/wikis/QuickStartHeapOff.wiki

10. Deep Understanding of Spark Memory Management Model
https://www.tutorialdocs.com/article/spark-memory-management.html

11. Spark Configuration
https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/configuration.html

12. mastering-apache-spark-book
https://github.com/jaceklaskowski/mastering-apache-spark-book

13. RDD Programming Guide
http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/rdd-programming-guide.html

14. Spark Standalone Mode
https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/configuration.html

15. Spark Corner Cases
http://codingjunkie.net/spark-corner-cases/

16. Apache Spark - Best Practices and Tuning
https://legacy.gitbook.com/book/umbertogriffo/apache-spark-best-practices-and-tuning/details
https://umbertogriffo.gitbooks.io/apache-spark-best-practices-and-tuning/content/

17. [Scala] The Architecture of Scala Collections
https://www.scala-lang.org/docu/files/collections-api/collections-impl.html

18. [Spark] Spark Tutorial — Using Filter and Count
https://medium.com/luckspark/spark-tutorial-2-using-filter-and-count-63400604f09e

19. [Spark] Spark Tutorial – Learn Spark Programming
https://data-flair.training/blogs/spark-tutorial/

20. [Scala] Scala Interview Questions and Answers
https://www.journaldev.com/8958/scala-interview-questions-answers

21. [ML] Practical Deep Learning for Coders, v3
https://course.fast.ai/

22. [Coursera] Matrix Algebra for Engineers
https://www.coursera.org/learn/matrix-algebra-engineers

23. [ML] 4 Months of Machine & Deep Learning
https://towardsdatascience.com/4-months-of-machine-deep-learning-89f6ab56a2fd

24. [General] Five-step Strategy for Student Success with Online Learning
https://onlinelearninginsights.wordpress.com/2012/09/28/five-step-strategy-for-student-success-with-online-learning/

